Update readme (#13)
nerves-project/nerves_ssh: README.md

# NervesSSH

[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/nerves-project/nerves_ssh/tree/main.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/nerves-project/nerves_ssh/tree/main)
[![Hex version](https://img.shields.io/hexpm/v/nerves_ssh.svg "Hex version")](https://hex.pm/packages/nerves_ssh)

Manage an SSH daemon and its subsystems on Nerves devices

## Usage

This library wraps Erlang/OTP's [SSH
daemon](http://erlang.org/doc/man/ssh.html#daemon-1) to make it easier to use
reliably with Nerves devices.

> Most importantly, it makes is possible to segment failures in other OTP

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most importantly, it makes it possible to segment failures in other OTP
```

## Authentication

It's possible to set up a number of authentication strategies with the Erlang
SSH daemon. Currently, only simple public key and username/password

> authentication setups are supported by `:nerves_ssh`. Both of them work find for
> getting started and as needs become more sophisticated, you can pass options to
> `:daemon_option_overrides`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
authentication setups are supported by `:nerves_ssh`. Both of them work fine for
getting started. As needs become more sophisticated, you can pass options to
`:daemon_option_overrides`.
```
